---
title: National Cadet Corps
permalink: /cca/uniformed-groups/national-cadet-corp/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Uniformed Groups
variant: tiptap
---
<h3>OBJECTIVES</h3><p>The National Cadet Corps (NCC) is a premier uniformed youth organisation supported by the Ministry of Education (MOE) of Singapore. The primary mission of the organisation is to “develop resourceful, responsible, resilient, loyal leaders and team players through fun and challenging military-related activities.” The NCC has also remained as one of the largest Uniformed Groups (UG) in Singapore. Mission: To Nurture Inspiring Leaders and Committed Citizens through fun, adventurous and military-related activities. Vision: Extraordinary Youth Leaders Motto: To serve with pride and dedication</p><p><strong>Mission</strong>: To Nurture Inspiring Leaders and Committed Citizens through fun, adventurous and military-related activities. <br><strong>Vision</strong>: Extraordinary Youth Leaders <br><strong>Motto</strong>: To serve with pride and dedication</p><ul><li><p>TEACHERS-IN-CHARGE</p><p>CPT (NCC) Nicholas Seah</p><p>CPT (NCC) Mr How Choon Keat</p><p>Mr Chen Han</p><p></p></li><li><p>TRAINING DAYS</p><p></p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>DAY</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>TIME</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>VENUE</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Wednesday</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3:00pm - 6:00pm</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>NCC room / Quadrangle / Area behind Block G</p></td></tr></tbody></table></li><li><p>CCA ACHIEVEMENTS</p><p></p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Year</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Award</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2022</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Distinction Award for Unit Recognition <br></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2021</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Distinction Award for Unit Recognition <br></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2020</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Distinction Award for Unit Recognition <br></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2019</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Distinction Award for Unit Recognition <br></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2018</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Distinction Award for Unit Recognition <br></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2017</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Awarded Silver for Best Unit Competition</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2016</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Awarded Silver for Best Unit Competition</p></td></tr></tbody></table></li><li><p>PROGRAMMES / EVENTS</p><p></p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>NAME OF PROGRAMME / EVENT</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>DATE / MONTH</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>OBJECTIVES OF PROGRAMME / EVENT</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Inter-UG Footdrill Competition</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>TBC</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>To showcase the foot drill skills of the cadets &amp; to build up healthy fighting spirit among all Uniformed Groups.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Inter-UG Games Day<br></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>TBC</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>To promote teamwork and adventure spirit among different Uniformed Groups.<br></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Inter-School Cluster Training<br></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>TBC</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>To learn a new skill<br>To bond with cluster TICs and cadets<br>To instill adventure spirit among cadets<br>To increase and build up their fitness level <br></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Passing Out Parade (POP)<br></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>March</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>To appreciate the Senior Cadets Leaders for their outstanding contribution to the Westwood NCC.<br></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Annual NCC Camp cum Promotion Ceremony<br></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>November</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Allow cadets to further bond with one another, pushing future cadet leaders to their limits<br></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Adventure and Skills Training<br></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>November</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>To learn a new skill and knowledge through adventure activity, overseas training, educational learning journey, skills-based activity and/or VIA projects.</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><strong>Key Programmes for Senior Cadets (Sec 1)</strong></p><p></p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Name of Programme / Event</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Date / Month</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Objectives of Programme / Event</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Affirmation Ceremony</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>April</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>To welcome our new cadets to the Corps the event will cover Junior Cadets pledging ceremony,<br></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Camp FORGE</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Jul</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>To develop the character of our Junior Cadets (Secondary One) early and preparing them to become responsible and empathetic leaders. Hence the proposal for Camp FORGE (acronym for Fun; Friendship, Orientation with Outdoor Adventure, Responsibility and Resilience Building, Grouping of the cadets from different units to emphasize the importance of social cohesion and Experiential Excitement), for all Junior Cadets.<br>To instill core values and self-discipline as well as to build the character and confidence of our Junior Cadets, in order to adequately prepare them for leadership training in the Upper Secondary Level.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Total Defence (Bronze) Badge</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>February</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Committed Heart is one of the pillars of Cadet Strong. It is important to stay committed to the development of Singapore.<br>To enable cadets have at least a basic level of understanding of TD and its relevance in today’s context to better appreciate GOTC gameplay.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Road Relay (Selected Cadets)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>TBC</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>The objectives of the Road Relay are to strengthen and promote:<br>(i) Confidence<br>(ii) Teamwork<br>(iii) A healthy lifestyle</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3-Station Fitness test</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>July - August</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Fit body is one of the pillars of Cadet Strong. It is important for cadets to keep healthy and fit.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Proficiency Test</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>July</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>To pass Turnout and Foot Drill</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p><p><strong>Key Programmes for Senior Cadets (Sec 2)</strong></p><p></p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Name of Programme / Event</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Date / Month</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Objectives of Programme / Event</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Camp STEEL</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>March</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>To develop the character of NCC Senior Cadets<br>(Secondary 2 Cadets) and preparing them to become responsible and empathetic leaders. Hence 1-day Camp STEEL (Acronym for Standards, Tenacity, Emotional Intelligence, Energy and Leadership)</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>IMT Training</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>TBC</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>To equip cadets with shooting skills.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Orienteering</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>May</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>To foster competitive spirit and outdoor adventure in a neutral environment for the cadets.<br>To evaluate and improve the knowledge of the NCC cadets in orienteering skills.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Fitness Trainer Course (Selected Cadets)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>November</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>To bridge the fitness training knowledge gap for NCC Cadets.<br>To focus on fitness training activities to improve the fitness of the NCC<br>For Cadets to excel in NAPFA Test.<br>To gain greater understanding of fitness training.<br>To be able to conduct specific training for NAPFA.<br>To be able to conduct fitness training safely and effectively.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Basic Precision Drill Course (Selected Cadets)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>TBC</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>The objective of the course is to train and equip Cadets with the knowledge on advanced arms drills of the Precision Drill Squad and the instructional methodologies involved in imparting the skill to their juniors or cadets in other units. <br></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Total Defence (Silver) Badge</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>February</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Committed Heart is one of the pillars of Cadet Strong. It is important to stay committed to the development of Singapore.<br>To deepen the understanding of TD, especially in today’s context.<br>To deepen the understanding of our role in TD (of individuals, community and businesses, and government) using relatable examples and case studies.<br>To deepen the understanding of how we can put TD into action.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Road Relay (Selected Cadets)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>TBC</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>The objectives of the Road Relay are to strengthen and promote:<br>(i) Confidence<br>(ii) Teamwork<br>(iii) A healthy lifestyle</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>NAPFA</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>TBC</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Fit body is one of the pillars of Cadet Strong. It is important for cadets to keep healthy and fit.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Proficiency Test</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>July</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>To pass Turnout, Foot Drill and Individual Field Craft</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Freestyle Exhibition Drill Competition</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>February</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>The Freestyle Exhibition Drill Competition serves as a platform to validate what the cadets have learnt, where they display their array of talents by competing amongst other school units in a healthy competitive environment.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Freestyle Drill Course (FSD)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>June</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>The Freestyle Exhibition Drill Competition serves as a platform to validate what the cadets have learnt, where they display their array of talents by competing amongst other school units in a healthy competitive environment.</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p><p></p><p><strong>Key Programmes for Senior Cadets (Sec 3)</strong></p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Name of Programme / Event</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Date / Month</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Objectives of Programme / Event</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Specialist Assessment</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>April</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>To test Cadet Leaders on their knowledge and instructional abilities in organising, conducting and executing the Individual Field Craft (IFC), Technical Handling of SAR 21 Weapon, as well as having the competency in terms of Physical Fitness and General Specialist Knowledge (GSK).</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>SAR-21 Technical Handling / Live Range</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>TBC</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>To equip cadets with shooting skills.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Senior Specialist Course (selected Cadets)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>June</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>To enhance the leadership skills of Cadet Leaders through team activities;<br>To develop the resilient mind of Cadet Leaders through camping and challenging competitions;<br>To provide a platform for Cadet Leaders to bond through fun activities.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Advanced Drill Course <br>(Selected Cadet)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>March</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>To enhance the participant’s knowledge on drills instructional abilities and to provide them with the skillset and knowledge in organising, conducting and executing parades and ceremonies in the school units.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Advanced Precision Drill Course (Selected Cadets)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>June</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>The Enhanced PDS AI Course serves as a platform for aspiring NCC cadets to:<br>a) advance their interest and skills in Precision Drill techniques.<br>b) network with other cadets from different schools.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Total Defence (Gold) Badge</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>February</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Committed Heart is one of the pillars of Cadet Strong. It is important to stay committed to the development of Singapore.<br>To encourage cadets to internalise the TD narratives and complexity of one of the threats/challenges that confront Singapore by planning the lesson.<br>To demonstrate an appreciation of TD by executing a TD lesson.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Road Relay (Selected Cadets)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>TBC</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>The objectives of the Road Relay are to strengthen and promote:<br>(i) Confidence<br>(ii) Teamwork<br>(iii) A healthy lifestyle</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3-Station Fitness test</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>July - August</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Fit body is one of the pillars of Cadet Strong. It is important for cadets to keep healthy and fit.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Freestyle Exhibition Drill Competition</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>February</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>The Freestyle Exhibition Drill Competition serves as a platform to validate what the cadets have learnt, where they display their array of talents by competing amongst other school units in a healthy competitive environment.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mount Ophir</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>TBC</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>To reinforce the adventurous spirit of the NCC cadets via mountain trekking.<br>To facilitate team building and care for fellow cadets in an outdoor environment.<br>To provide overseas outdoor learning opportunities for our cadets.<br>To develop Leadership Competencies via fitness and discipline as they motivate each other during the trekking.</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p></li><li><p>GALLERY</p><p></p><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="569" width="960" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vTgl4N8daa061TgabM22R3qjvUflC-QPkdvzRq4sEPuWjIYlJniYIYQ6lqqVGbwycK-xcoxjCG_pmzv/embed?start=true&amp;loop=true&amp;delayms=3000"></iframe></div><p></p></li></ul><p></p>