---
title: Home Based Learning
permalink: /homebasedlearning/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Sec 1 and 2 students will not need to report to school on HBL days, unless instructed.</p></li><li><p>Sec 3, 4 and 5 students will be going through Hybrid HBL, in which they will need to report to school for face to face lessons on certain HBL days.</p></li><li><p>All instructions of learning activities will be disseminated through student’s MOE Student Learning Space (SLS).</p></li><li><p>All learning activities are to be completed by the day itself, or if not, the due date given by subject teachers.</p></li><li><p>Students are encouraged to observe good cyber wellness habits when doing work online.</p></li><li><p>There will be Student-Initiated Learning (SIL) activities scheduled once per semester.</p><p></p></li></ol><p><strong>HOME BASED LEARNING DAY SCHEDULE</strong></p><p><a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/13Bt1sWVov32aMCcyBGUhBVNg1NlWU85zAGNrVE79ACI/edit?usp=sharing" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">TERM 1 SCHEDULE</a></p><p><a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZXRijhr27Lo-1V4b532eCmzSzO5mOU6iOHqqV6RM5T0/edit?usp=sharing" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">TERM 2 SCHEDULE</a></p><p><strong>RESOURCES FOR PARENTS</strong> <br>We hope to partner parents/guardians by inculcating in your child/ward the skills to self-manage and take ownership for their own learning. You may refer to the parent kit for key information on HBL and tips on how to support your child/ward on HBL days.</p><p><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/13-KdRV08w2D5K7H8zi-oVMyC-s5KIn-V/view?usp=sharing" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Experiencing Home-Based Learning (HBL) with our Children</a></p><p><strong>ACCESS TO SLS</strong><br>The SLS can be accessed from&nbsp;<a href="https://learning.moe.edu.sg/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://learning.moe.edu.sg</a>. The SLS is accessible through internet browsers on Windows PC, Mac, tablets and mobile devices.&nbsp;</p><p>There are 2 login methods:</p><p><strong>1. Login with SLS</strong><br>The SLS Username consists of&nbsp;<strong>first 5 characters of the student’s full name and last 5 characters of the student’s NRIC/FIN</strong>. Students can approach any of their subject teachers or IT department personnel to reset their SLS password if they had forgotten and unable to do self-reset.&nbsp;</p><p><strong>2. Login with MIMS</strong><br>The MIMS Username is&nbsp;<strong>student’s NRIC/FIN</strong>. Students can approach IT department personnel to reset their MIMS password if they had forgotten the password.</p><p>Refer to&nbsp;<a href="https://www.learning.moe.edu.sg/sls/students/index.html" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Guide to SLS account login.<br></a></p><h5><strong>SLS Support</strong> <br><br><strong>School Operating Hours</strong><br></h5><p>During school operating hours, students should contact the SLS school-based helpline for SLS queries such as&nbsp;password, login and account issues.</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>School-based helpline: 6792 9737</p></li><li><p>Mondays - Fridays: 8:00 am - 4:00 pm</p></li></ul><p><strong>Non-School Operating Hours</strong>&nbsp;<br>Outside the school operating hours, students should contact the SLS central helpline for support.</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Call SLS Helpdesk at 6702 6513</p></li><li><p>Mondays - Fridays: 4:00 pm - 9:00 pm</p></li><li><p>Saturdays: 9:00 am - 9:00 pm</p></li><li><p>Closed on Sundays &amp; Public Holidays</p></li></ul><p>or <br>Email SLS Helpdesk at helpdesk@sls.ufinity.com</p><p>When emailing the SLS Helpdesk, students should include their full name, name of school and form class.</p>